(upbeat music)
(crowd laughs)
Namida stay back and
protect our clients.
Right.
Sumire, Wasabi let's go.
(fighting)
Namida retreat for now.
No, I'm fine I can
fight too Wasabi
-(man attacking)
-Just go.
(upbeat music)
(Namida screams)
Oh Wasabi.
(tightening the rope)
Namida your jutsu
is just amazing.
Do you think so?
I get worried because it affects
everyone around me so much.
I hope the merchants are okay.
Your jutsu is amazing Namida.
Well, we did protect
their merchandise
so they'll forgive
us, won't they?
I have to say Namida,
your jutsu is amazing.
Sumire, Wasabi, Hanabi Sensei.
No, don't tell me.
(Namida screams)
♪♪ Japanese Opening Theme ♪♪
Namida, everybody is
gonna be just fine.
The doctor says we just
need to give it
time and then we will be okay.
Oh thank goodness.
Hey, I heard you guys
captured the Garakuta Gang.
That gang is composed
of deadbeat shinobi,
who target antique
art pieces, right?
(the girls laugh)
Hey, are you listening?
What was that Boruto.
I can't hear anything at all.
What is going on with you guys?
Everyone on the team
lost their hearing
for a little while
because of my jutsu.
Well, your jutsu is
very strong Namida.
Huh? What's the name of the
television show you like?
Yeah, I agree and that place
has really good desserts.
No, we were just talking
about how strong
Namida's jutsu is.
What did you just say?
All I said was,
This looks a lot like a
bunch of old ladies talking.
But the doctor just told them
they're all gonna be fine.
If this always happens,
then it might affect
your missions.
One wrong move and you couldn't
have taken down your allies
Wha? What did you say?
Wait, what store are
you talking about now.
Like I said
You're talking so quietly,
I can't understand
what you're saying.
Yeah, you're right.
What TV show.
I think.
That's the one.
I'm here on for everyone sake,
I won't cry anymore.
I'm going to start training
with the new jutsu instead.
Now what, what's that Namida?
(upbeat music)
Water Style: Raging Waves.
(firing Water Style)
Wow, who knew Namida
could use Water Style.
(firing Water Style)
But it doesn't have the
power to bring down an enemy.
You know, I think you
should just reevaluate
how you use your crying jutsu.
That won't work.
I have to get stronger
with a new jutsu,
that's why I wanted to ask
Sensei how I could do that.
(upbeat music)
I think that the problem is
with your chakra control.
My chakra control
is the problem?
Sumire.
(upbeat music)
Water Style: Suireiha!
Wow, amazing.
By focusing your
chakra into one point,
you increase the jutsu power.
You see when you're scared,
you start to cry right away
and let your emotions take over.
and that ends up
disrupting your focus.
I knew it,
it's 'cause I'm
such a crying baby.
Hanabi Sensei what
should I do to fix it?
Please you have to teach me.
It's rare that we
see you so determined
that kind of resolve
is absolutely critical
for concentration.
Right.
(Namida screams)
Hey, come on.
Where's all that spirit
you showed earlier.
Focus your chakra
and fight back.
I can't it's impossible.
Listen Namida practicing
infusing chakra
while you're moving will
strengthen your ability
to control it subconsciously
in the future.
(Namida screams)
(speaks in foreign language)
(upbeat music)
Come on now,
you're not focusing your
chakra around your mouth.
If you have time to cry,
you have time focus.
(Namida cries)
Please Sensei, can we
just call it a day.
No way
I didn't know Hanabi
Sensei can be so strict.
Uh huh.
Next up is distance.
See if you can make your jutsu
reach the very top of this path.
(Namida groans)
Now Namida.
Uh Right.
(upbeat music)
(firing Water Style)
There's just no way I
can make it go that far.
It's totally impossible.
You're wrong.
You have to keep practicing.
You asked for this, so you
will see it through to the end
And she's hyped up way
more than normal too.
You know how when you block
the end of a hose a bit,
the water comes out with
more force and goes farther.
This time just try
visualizing that
and focus your
chakra on your mouth.
A hose.
(firing Water Style)
(upbeat music)
And now let's work on power.
Keep firing your Water Style
until you can knock
over that log.
(upbeat music)
(firing Water Style)
Namida control.
Focus it onto one spot.
(firing Water Style)
I do it until I knock this over?
Hey, no one told you to stop.
Go on, keep on hitting it.
This will not only
increase your power.
It will build up
your stamina too.
(firing Water Style)
She's going through all
this training for our sake
so she won't cry anymore.
But I think she's
crying on the inside.
We ought to train too,
so that we don't
give her a reason
to cry during a battle.
Yeah, you're right,
we have to get strong too.
(firing Water Style)
It hurts so much
right around here.
I think I pulled a muscle.
Well, that's because you
don't normally use it.
I don't think I can
do this anymore.
Namida, don't worry,
starting tomorrow
we'll train right alongside you.
We've got your back.
Let's all do our best together.
Yeah, we'll all get stronger.
Oh Wasabi, Sumire.
Alright for you two I
can endure any pain.
I'll do my best.
( the girls laugh)
(upbeat music)
Summoning.
Nue!
Still no good, next.
It's my turn now.
Here I come.
Ahhhhh!
Come on.
Sorry Namida.
It's okay, I'm not done yet.
(upbeat music)
Alright that's more like it.
Namida really giving us
everything she's got.
You know Hanabi Sensei, I didn't
realize you were so strict.
Although before
I've heard it said
that your family
is the strongest
in the whole Hidden
Leaf Village.
Yes well times have changed.
You know, Namida has never
really been very interested
in trying to get stronger.
Like now she's working hard
to change all on her own.
Seeing that made me really happy
and it got me all fired up.
(upbeat music)
(firing Water Style)
Nue! Nue! Nue!
(Namida laughs)
(firing Water Style)
I did it, Sumire, Wasabi,
I moved it a little.
You did great Namida.
Yeah, your training's
really paying off.
I bet that you could even use
that jutsu on real missions now.
We we'll keep you safe till
we reach the national border.
You again, you're protecting us?
I hope it'll be okay.
Yes, I assure you that.
Don't you worry.
Well, anyway, the
merchandise we're carrying
is extremely valuable.
Among the items that
we have is a document
that was written by
the First Hokage.
It's considered to be
a national treasure.
The leader of the Garakuta Gang
is still on the loose too.
So I'm counting on you.
Right.
(birds chirping)
Alright, what do you want?
It looks like we've
got a feisty one here.
Hey boss, it's them.
They got big brown
on others before.
Oh yeah?
(Namida gasp)
(laughing)
Water Style: Raging Waves.
It worked.
Huh? But how.
( the man laughs)
Water clones.
(laughing and growling)
Water attacks have
no effect on water.
Namida you stay back
and protect our clients.
Right.
Ahhhh!
Water Style: Raging Waves.
Ahhh! Him too, no way.
If I cry everyone
would get hurt.
Awww, What's wrong.
Namida!
Summoning!
(Nue growls)
What.
Enough Nue.
Wow, look Nue's sure bigger huh?
I think it's 'cause of all
the training we've done.
Thanks.
No, my merchandise.
Damn it, get them.
Wait!
I promise you that we'll
get your merchandise back.
I'm going to go
after the thieves,
the rest of you stay with the
merchants and keep them safe,
Right.
Nue go.
Listen Namida, it was
just a coincidence
that your Water Style
didn't work against them.
So don't be sad.
But I trained so hard.
Yes, you sure did
and all your work isn't
gonna go to waste.
Really I'm absolutely
certain about that Namida.
Sumire.
Man that was a
really close call.
I know, thank goodness,
we were able to keep
this scroll safe.
What, seriously you had it
hidden away all this time.
Uhhh... (laughing)
I knew it.
I figured that's what
was going on here.
You merchants sure are a
sneaky bunch, but no matter.
Honestly, I'm just
grateful that you told me
where the treasure can be found.
I'll be able to get
a real nice price
for a scroll from
the First Hokage.
Sumire, you two
take the merchants
and make a run for it, go on.
What, don't be so reckless.
Ahhh!
Namida, are you okay Namida?
It's my fault you got
Don't worry about it.
This is just about all that I
can really do for right now.
What nice friends trying
to protect each other.
How about I send you
all to hell together.
Earth Style: Bottomless Swamp!
(struggling)
What is this?
Oh no, I can't get free.
This is really not good.
Ah damn it my arm stuck bad.
Do you think that,
if I hadn't say I
would stop crying
maybe all of this
wouldn't have happened.
Or maybe if I just
gotten stronger.
You have become stronger Namida.
Your emotions,
you're controlling them with
a heart of steel right now.
Normally you'd be whining
and crying, right?
But you're not.
You're more than strong enough.
Is that how it is?
Thank you.
I guess I'm pretty lucky
that you didn't start
crying all over the place.
I decided that I wouldn't
cry anymore but still.
No, you don't we can't have
you doing that now, can we?
Alright, you guys
take care of them.
What, hey boss.
Namida, listen don't
worry about us,
just let them have it.
By focusing your
chakra into one point,
you increase the jutsu power.
Increase its power.
(gathering power)
(birds chirping)
(Namida screams)
(breaking trees)
My cry went in
one straight line.
Wow, your power
is no joke Namida.
It's all thanks
to your training.
(disbelief)
Summoning.
No way.
(upbeat music)
Nue.
My turn now.
Ninja Art: Cat Cloak.
Wait, retreat. (screaming)
Quickly Namida, go
ahead do it again.
I'm on it.
The new version of my
jutsu will take care
of those guys (screams).
What happened?
My chakra is.
Oh Namida, you've got
a long way to go.
(upbeat music)
Once again, team 15,
you did a great job.
But didn't you say you were
gonna stop crying Namida.
Well, I'm still gonna need
a whole lot of training.
Did you cry because
you got hurt.
Ummmm nu-huh.
I did it to protect everybody.
So from here on, I'm gonna
cry as hard as I can.
And for the two of you,
I'll do anything
humanly possible.
Can I have to speak up Namida.
What's that?
You're going where Namida.
It's nothing.
♪♪Japanese Ending Theme♪♪
Dad I think that I might
become a politician.
A politician?
What about being a Ninja?
I'll take two years
off and study politics
for the time being.
I understand, this is the path
you've chosen for yourself,
you should do the things
the way you want to.
Next time on Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations,
Shikadai's Decision.
I have to take responsibility
for the Nara clan
and my dad's place.
♪♪Japanese Ending Theme♪♪